http://ark.dasch.swiss/ark:/72163/080e-73d6d35842af8-9
Menses_40_0_0



Monument
	ID:	3621
	Entdeckungsort:	Pompei
	Objekt:	wall painting
	Land:	CH
	Kategorie:	wall painting
	Name:	Menses Helios/Sol
	Beschreibung:	Fresco sections from Pompeji, Reg. VI, room of the building on the south side of Strada Consolare. Series of medallions including busts of gods and days of the week and five deities (Venus, Iuppiter, Vulcanus, Diana and Bacchus) thought to be tutelae of the Menses. Other busts of Vertumnus, Aestas, Autumnus(?) and Hiems(?) as well as unclear medallions, one of which may represent the Genius of Augustus. The presence of only five alleged deities of the Menses and the absence of the accompanying zodiacal signs make the identification of these figures as gods and goddesses of the Menses unlikely.
Datierung
	Periode:	70 - 79 
Szene
	ID:	17630
	Beschreibung:	Series of medallions including busts of gods and days of the week and five deities (Venus, Iuppiter, Vulcanus, Diana and Bacchus) thought to be tutelae of the Menses. Other busts of Vertumnus, Aestas, Autumnus(?) and Hiems(?) as well as unclear medallions, one of which may represent the Genius of Augustus. The presence of only five alleged deities of the Menses and the absence of the accompanying zodiacal signs make the identification of these figures as gods and goddesses of the Menses unlikely.
	Sequenznummer:	1
Foto
	Monument-URL:	http://www.limc.ch/Images/italy/napoli/museo_archeologico_nazionale/17630X302.jpg
Foto
	Neues Foto:	1
Catalog LIMC
	Artikel:	Menses
	Katalognummer:	40
	Asterix:	0
	Dot:	0
Inventar
	Spezifikation:	1. Inv.
	Nummer:	9518-9521
Museum
	Land:	IT
	Stadt:	Napoli
	Name:	Museo Archeologico Nazionale
	Direktor:	Monsieur Jean-Pierre Brun
	Adresse:	Via F. Crispi 86
	Postleitzahl:	I-80121
	Kontaktzenter:	Directeur du Centre Jean Bérard                         Institut français de Naples
	Stadt des Kontaktzenters:	Napoli
	Rechteinhaber der Fotos:	© Museo Archeologico Nazionale Napoli
	Kommentar:	La collection Santangelo est abrégée ici Stg et non SA.
	Hat die Fotorechte:	1
