http://ark.dasch.swiss/ark:/72163/080e-73fc70968769b-3
Nekyia (S)_4_1_0
Danaides, Add._Supplement_6_0_0
Persephone, Add._Supplement_0_1



Monument
	ID:	6275
	Entdeckungsort:	Alexandria
	Entdeckungsort Details:	necropolis
	Objekt:	wall painting
	Herkunft:	Egypt
	Land:	CH
	Kategorie:	wall painting
	Name:	Nekyia
	Beschreibung:	A boat divides the panel in two zones: Above in the centre a male figure (Rhadamanthys or Aiakos) at a door from where a ladder leads downwards. Two serpents, Sisyphos, Ixion, man with long hair and long dress (Minos?). On the left of the niche Persephone seated and Hades. Below female figures with pithos and another vessel, probably the Danaids; Charon in his boat and a deceased with shield. In the lower panel the interior of a building to which a ladder leads down. To the right a female figure with thyrsos, male figure with short dress, a standing and an enthroned woman and an altar. On the right side of the niche two male figures. 
Szene
	ID:	6400
	Beschreibung:	A boat divides the panel in two zones: Above in the centre a male figure (Rhadamanthys or Aiakos) at a door from where a ladder leads downwards. Two serpents, Sisyphos, Ixion, man with long hair and long dress (Minos?). On the left of the niche Persephone seated and Hades. Below female figures with pithos and another vessel, probably the Danaids; Charon in his boat and a deceased with shield. In the lower panel the interior of a building to which a ladder leads down. To the right a female figure with thyrsos, male figure with short dress, a standing and an enthroned woman and an altar. On the right side of the niche two male figures. 
	Sequenznummer:	10
Catalog LIMC
	Artikel:	Nekyia (S)
	Katalognummer:	4
	Asterix:	1
	Dot:	0
Catalog LIMC
	Artikel:	Danaides, Add.
	Band:	Supplement
	Katalognummer:	6
	Asterix:	0
	Dot:	0
Catalog LIMC
	Artikel:	Persephone, Add.
	Band:	Supplement
	Asterix:	0
	Dot:	1
Inventar
	Spezifikation:	1. Inv.
	Nummer:	unknown
Museum
	Land:	EG
	Stadt:	Alexandrie
	Name:	Nécropole de Shatby
	Rechteinhaber der Fotos:	© Alexandria
	Hat die Fotorechte:	1
